README.md, before:

# Benchmarking Script for Unity

## Status : Working (Windows-Linux-Android)

### Description
The point of this script is to load a spcecific scene as many times as quality
pre-settings profiles exist. Then count the frames per seconds (not implemented yet)
and also take a screenshot. Finaly you will have a folder with all the screenshots
as well as a text file that contains some info about the benchmark.

### Usage
- Add the script to an empty object of an empty scene
- Add the name of the scene to test
- Deply both scenes to the target device and run
- Retrieve results from the appropriate folder
	- Windows : MyDocuments/UnityBench/
	- Linux   : /home/$USER/UnityBench/
	- Android : /sdcard/UnityBench/

### Ideas / Parts for contributions
Here is how I think it should work in it's final form
- Loops through all quality settings
- Opens the scene
- Counts the seconds it takes to do that
- Waits for x seconds for the scene to "settle"
- Counts FPS for a specific period time
- Maby takes a screenshoot too
- writes that info somewere
- Move on to another quality leve

#### Future Ideas
- GI settings
- Cam animation
- A Lot more options
- More VR friendly (in case of head tracking)

### Licence
This project is under the MIT licence

Commit message:

feat : Add FPS count to the scipt
The script is production ready now
Many minor improvments

README.md, after:

# Benchmarking Script for Unity

## Status : Working (Windows-Linux-Android)

### Description
Use this script to see how your scene performs and shows on varius devices

### Usage
Note : If you are benchmarking a Google VR scene, Add a GvrHead to the camera
of that scene and disable tracking for both rotation and position to keep the
camera still during benchmarking

1. Add the script to an empty object of an empty scene
- Choose the name of the scene to test
- Choose a time offset for the scene to "settle" after loading
- Choose how long will the scene run for FPS counting
2. Deploy both scenes to the target device and run
3. The script will load the scene as many times as the quality presets and will
	- Count FPS
	- Take a screenshot
4. Wait for the app to close
5. Retrieve results from the appropriate folder
	- Windows : MyDocuments/UnityBench/
	- Linux   : /home/$USER/UnityBench/
	- Android : /sdcard/UnityBench/

### Contributions / Ideas
Feel free to contact me for these or other ideas you might have :
- You could make the script get the GvrHead component from Google VR camera and disable
it's tracking automaticaly. I am guessing this should be made with reflections method
though, otherwise it would not run on non-GVR projects
- Other Platforms support
- GI settings
- Camera animation
- More options

### Issues
It seems that on Android, the scipt will not over-write results

### Licence
This project is under the MIT licence, FPS counter is my improved version of the Google VR SDK GvrFPS
